added missing information about adding styles for aligning images in rich text (#1150)
ezsystems/developer-documentation: docs/guide/templates.md

See [Custom rendering logic](controllers.md#custom-rendering-logic) for more information.

## Rendering Rich Text

> ### Alignment of images
> Images that have been added to rich text and has set alignment, have one of three class: align-left, align-right, or align-center. By default, these classes have no implementation on the Front, so for the alignment to work properly, you need to implement them in your styles. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Alignment of images

Images that have been added to Rich Text with alignment set have one of following classes: `align-left`, `align-right`, or `align-center`.
By default, these classes have no specific styling, so for the alignment to work properly, you need to add them to your styles, for example:
```

> 
> Below is an example styles of classes implementation for alignment

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
